Release Notes for 1.4

- Filters for shortCodes - We've now implemented a hook to a filter that will be used to alter any short codes that a plugin may own in a post
    before pushing that post to the NPR API.  The filter (npr_ds_shortcode_filter) will fire before we remove short codes when we're pushing 
    the post.  Each plugin that has any short codes it can alter should alter those short codes via this filter to something that's more 
    HTML-friendly so that other clients could possibly access that information.
    As an example of what needs to be done in a plug-in to take advantage of this new filter please see the branch for the following plugin.
    https://github.com/argoproject/navis-documentcloud/tree/kmoylan-filter  What I've done here is write a function my_documentCloud_filter 
    that is linked to the filter npr_ds_shortcode_filter (all near the bottom of the PHP file).  This function will turn any shortcode created
    by this plugin into an HTML <a>-tag to link to what was an embedded document.
    As with any other filter in WordPress, nothing will happen if you do not have any plugins installed that have implemented the filter.  
    It will be up to any other plugin's maintainer to implement the filter correctly if they wish to take advantage of this functionality.

- Bulk Push - From the post list page for you NPR Push post type you can now select multiple posts and using the bulk operation drop down
    on that page, push the selected posts to the NPR API.  This would be helpful for posts that have been living on a site before the
    NPR API plugin was installed and an admin wanted to push multiple posts.  Note that this will only push up to 20 posts at one time.
    
- Publish or Draft for Get Multi -  It's not possible for an admin to select Draft or Publish for the resultant posts that come from a
    query on the get multi page.  This way, the return from each query can be reviewed before it's published to a site.
    
- Run Get Multi on Demand -  An admin can now select a checkbox if they would like the get multi queries to run when the page is saved.  
    This will allow admins to immediately check returns from queries instead of having to wait for the cron to run.